printed initiated in the Sharon person
you make it through the next week we are
going to have the show she would take it
to another phase people say this time to
sack my briefing outside here touch you
now eyes open
what are you doing on the floor we met
with him ask deeper people on stage this
time when I count to three the
temperatures returning to normal
feel comfortable you people on stage
this time when I count to three and snap
my fingers sit upright with your eyes
closed grab hold of your instruments
because you now realize the world-famous
you are pro things classical musicians
here to put on a concert of a lifetime
bring your thousands of adoring fans
some of you will be playing big
instruments like big bass drums some of
you we play smaller instruments like
flutes and Mayans you are all room class
orchestra musicians here to put on a
concert of a lifetime and so excited
about it one sitting up with your eyes
closed to grab a hold of your
instruments and three play
thank you
until you find the tiniest instrument in
the world